all star vs. team inferno ready my name
is number Chris and this is my review
for kids sports ice hockey for the
Nintendo Wii while it is certainly
impressive how much traditional sports
games are involved over the years with
team management options expanding and
even the ability to price hot dogs
sometimes just the allure of getting
back to basics and having fun can sound
very appealing while this game was
developed by the wretched data design
interactive a company that carries one
of the worst reputation of the long tops
will developers today I still have some
hope my greatest hope was that this game
could at least compared to some of the
older and more simpler hockey games such
as NHL 94 ESPN national hockey night
legs of Steel and Wayne Gretzky's 3d
hockey which were still all fun games
this is after all the first Nintendo Wii
hockey game to be released on the system
and with Electronic Arts and 2k sports
ignoring the system this is all we have
kids sports ice hockey really is a
simple game you have only a handful of
teams to choose from which I'll control
identically an exhibition mode and an
elimination mode and a tournament mode
where you must defeat each team all
right in a row there are also three
barely functional minigames which are
completely worthless and not fun at all
fair enough this is a budget game after
all and if the hockey is still good then
there should be no problem it controls
our well-thought-out using the analog
stick on the nunchuck to move around
flipping the nunchuck to the side to
pass and swinging the Wemo in one of two
different styles to make two different
types of shots stealing is done by
swinging both the nunchuck and Wiimote
together and your special moves can be
done mostly by holding the B button once
the special meter is built up and then
using one of your regular moves rather
simple but clever nonetheless the
problem is that this game has absolutely
no finesse at all all shots are clunky
and made the exact same way if you think
you're gonna be able to swing around the
net to pull off some tricky shot you
must be dreaming you can't even control
the power of your slap shot by enemy
when it's time to shoot you simply shake
your remote and merely hope for the bus
the power shots absolutely break this
game hang back and pass the puck amongst
your teammates and wait for the special
meter to build up then all it takes is a
simple shot and you surely have a goal
these shots cannot be blocked any player
in the goalie in the way will be knocked
to their feet as the puck reaches its
inevitable destination this aspect is
just extremely lame and heavily degrades
the game kids sports ice hockey does not
have any checking pushing or anything
fooled that sort there's nothing here
that really sucks this experience apart
and makes it any sort of funny
as with all data's design games ice
hockey isn't particularly well coated
either often times in a match the
opposing team would just stop moving I
could skate anywhere in the AI
characters would be completely frozen in
place just screaming how cheap this game
is while I was impressed to find at
least a two-player mode with how bad and
disappointing everything else was
turning out to be
you can only play head-to-head no co-op
mode to be found at all this makes
absolutely no sense at all we've been
passers oversight and hockey video games
for heard that game now subsequently
getting the whole crew together to play
four player game is impossible and don't
even think about getting an ice 8 two
time player game going with everyone
controlling a character being what's
turned out to be apparently a children's
game you think they'd at least let you
play with four people and a certain
level ice hockey does work that controls
all
properly and there's no single game
breaking feature that would destroy
five-year-olds enjoyment with this title
provided that he didn't realize that
other hockey games out there allowed you
to have co-op are more than just two
players anyone else stay far away don't
fall into the trap of purchasing this
title for lack of another hockey game to
choose from is it's not made very well
and it is very limiting while this is
probably one of dated design
Interactive's best titles so far that
isn't saying much at all I give this
game a - out of town